Documentation (#4)
NataeSz/evolving-robot: README.md

Genetic algorithm for a simple rule-based robot on a 2D-grid

## Overview

> Genetic algorithm is search heuristic that reflects the process of natural selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Genetic algorithm is a heuristic search that reflects the process of natural selection.
```

It consists of five phases:
- Initial population
- Fitness function
- Selection
- Crossover

> - Mutation

Reviewer: These are not phases ;)

Author: Deleted; more details to the definitions added

In this project, the genetic algorithm has been used to find the best set of movement rules 

> for a robot on a grid that collects cans.

Reviewer: No need to break line.

Reviewer: Below, you will find an examplary behavior of a robot from 1000th generation. It's not optimal, but it's definitely better than the random one.

![Robby tracking](./docs/Robby_tracking.gif)

## Details
### Robby and his World

Robby is a very simple robot. He lives in a simulated world, consisting of a small (10x10) grid of squares.
His life goal is to collect empty soda cans, which are distributed randomly in the world. 
Each square of the grid can contain zero or one empty soda can. Robby has very bad vision. 

> He only sees the contents of the square he stands in and the four side-adjacent cells 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
He only sees the content of the square he stands in and the four side-adjacent cells 
```

> (a square can be empty, wall or contain empty soda can). Based on the input from 5 cells, in each simulation step, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(a square can be empty, be a wall, or contain an empty soda can). Based on the input from these 5 cells, in each simulation step, 
```

Every generation (except the first one) are created from the previous one
by sampling two parents and producing a child until N children are created.
For a robot, the probability of being chosen to be a parent should depend on its score 
(better score = higher probability).

> Child genetic code is created by concatenating a prefix from one parent and a suffix from the other one, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The child's genetic code is created by concatenating a prefix from one parent and a suffix from the other one, 
```

to create a complete rule table.

> Additionally, a small number of mutations should be introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, a small number of mutations are introduced.
```

## Results 

Sample results of the evolution efficiency are illustrated by the following charts 
of the average and maximal score of robots in each generation.

![Avg fitness](./docs/avg_fitness.png)

> The evolution consists of periods of constant fitness (no progress in the following generations) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The evolution consists of periods of constant fitness (no progress in thousands of generations) 
```

> and periods of substantial innovations represented by rapid growths of fitness, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and periods of substantial innovation represented by a rapid growth of fitness, 
```

similarly as in a biological evolution. <br>
The average score rises shortly after the evolution starts.

> During the evolution, trait function growths reflects biological exaptations 

Reviewer: Unreadable.

Author: Simplified in the next commit

> and intermingle with the groups of constant, non-adaptive generations. 

Reviewer: the?
